hi I'm Henry shires today I want to talk
to you about three of our two-person
models the double rainbow the Stratus
prior to and a double moment they're all
a little bit different they all have
different features and different
construction so first let's talk about
how they're supported the double rainbow
here is an arch pull support tent you
can see this big Center arch pull
through the yellow sleeve the Stratus
prior to is a trekking pole support a
tent there are two vertical trekking
poles one of the JFX points and the
double moment over here is also an arch
pole support a tent again the yellow
sleeve arch pole here with some strut
supports at each end as is the case on
the stripes part two right here the
general design of the double rainbow is
what I would call a hyper double wall so
there is a vestibule on both sides and
then inside that is a mesh wall it gets
you in and out of the interior up
underneath the fly canopy however it's a
single wall between you and the outside
world
it can be amended and turned into a
virtual double wall through the addition
of an optional thing we call the liner
it's a piece of fabric it separates you
from from the underside of the fly
canopy this drive aspire to is a full
double wall so inside this you'll see
that there's in fact a completely
separate interior this is completely
detachable from the fly and can be set
up completely independently of the fly
if you if you so wish it's a complete
double wall there's a gap between all
flight surfaces and all interior
surfaces a double moment is also a full
double wall when you open up the
vestibule this interior is completely
separate from the fly it's detachable as
well and the difference between this
interior and the standard interior on
the Stratos bar - is this interior has a
solid fabric roof panel and that does a
nice job separating you from
condensation gives you a little bit more
thermal barrier as well for for slightly
warmer and cold temperatures slightly
cooler in hot Sun
the double rainbow has the smallest
footprint and smallest interior volume
it sleeps people up to about six foot
six without running into an end wall and
can accommodate two wide pads each
festival will shelter a pack and choose
the strata spire two has very large
vestibules that can easily fit two packs
on one side you can also sleep people up
to about six foot three or four without
running into an end wall and has
vertical interior walls with lots of
head and shoulder room you tier can
accommodate two wide pads are widened
even further using the apex attachment
features to fit up to three standard
width pads
the double moment has slightly smaller
vestibules each of which can fit a pack
and shoes the interior can narrow using
the sliding buckles to allow for more
vestibule space the interior will also
fit to standard width pads but with
copious Headroom and floor length it
will sleep people up to 7 feet long and
there is no chance of contacting a fly
wall at either end
the double rainbow folds to 18 inches
stretch 18 folded pole 18 Stratis fire 2
folds to 16 inches carbon fiber struts
are 16 double moment folded pull 18
inches carbon fiber struts
start at 34 hole to 18